# Release v0.7.3
> Release Date: Feb 11, 2022

#### New Features
- Adds support for redis authentication (via JAMBONES_REDIS_USERNAME / JAMBONES_REDIS_PASSWORD env vars).
- Adds support for voice activity detection to `gather` and `transcribe` verbs: if activated, the connection to the speech recognizer will be delayed until speech has been detected.  (In some deployments this can save on costs).
- When using the `dial` verb with multiple targets, you can specify different custom headers to be used on a per-target basis.
- Adds `overrideTo` property to `dial` verb to allow an outbound call to be placed to a registered user, but provide a different user or extension on the outbound invite.  This can be useful for PBXs that register with jambonz under a certain user but can accept calls to a number of different phone numbers or extensions.
- Adds fs_sip_address and api_base_url in webhook payloads; this aids in troubleshooting and can simplify the coding of webhook apps that also want to use the REST api.
- Adds fs_public_ip to webhook payload when running in ec2 autoscale group.

#### Bug fixes
- Fixes memory leaks resulting from not closing speech synthesizer connections properly.
- Fixes race condition on hangup that caused duplicate call-status webhooks.
- Fixes race condition on hangup that sometimes resulted in outbound call attempt even though caller had hung up.
- Adds missing Azure regions to jambonz portal for speech credentials.

#### Availability
- Available now on <a href="https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-55wp45fowbovo" target="_blank" >AWS Marketplace</a>
- Deploy to Kubernetes using [this Helm chart](https://github.com/jambonz/helm-charts)

**Questions?** Contact us at <a href="mailto:support@jambonz.org">support@jambonz.org</a>